hey fellas how's everyone doing and
welcome back to a new custom tactics and
player's instructions video this time
we'll be talking about the best 433
variation in the game and that's the one
with two center mids and one central
attacking mid will approach this video a
bit different you already have the stats
on the screen so you can see exactly how
much I picked for each option so I'm
just gonna talk a bit more about the
details of this formation you will need
to have to fast wingers and your two
CDMS
must also have 75 + pace in order for
them to be able to come back in defense
as soon as possible when you lose the
ball in attack speed in build up play
will as always be fast around 80 plus
for us to be able to get quickly on
those counter-attacks we'll be using
something a bit different this time in
positioning from build up play will go
for free form and give our two CDMS the
ability to move from their positions and
help on counter-attacks the options on
chance creation will be balanced because
we want to have a bit out of everything
in front of the opponent's goal passes
crosses and shots and by having around
fifty of these options ensures us that
this is exactly what will happen of
course now if you are a player that
crosses a lot you can tweak it and put
more at crossing if you are a player
that never crosses you can lower the
value and so on depending on your
particular game style but I would advise
you to keep it like this as I explained
it for the 4-3-3 formation regarding the
defensive options will keep the same
ideas as in our previous videos low
pressure medium activity but we'll go
with over 60 at team with because we
want our wingers to stay near the
sidelines making it easier for us to
find them with long passes jumping to
player instructions this
nation is one where we'll be changing
lots and lots of things here both of our
full backs will have stay back while
attacking and both of our CDMS will have
stay back while attacking option again
don't get fooled in thinking that if we
had positioning free and build up play
and now stay back while attacking add
the two CDMS
things will go crazy as these options
contradict themselves you'll see when
you will try it that it is a perfect
combination that will make your to see
DMS react correctly for each situation
in the game getting to our two wingers
will have getting behind for both of
them in order to exploit the long passes
they'll be making lots of runs and you
have to make sure to make long
over-the-head she passes to them this is
a trick that fits perfectly for this
formation all in all using this custom
tactic and player instructions you'll
get the optimum balance between a solid
defense and the fast and dangerous
attack we've got also dirty Mike taking
care of absolutely everything
considering the review of this formation
on his channel I will link you guys he
is a video in the description you can
check it out and find out even more
things about this cool formation this
concludes today's video fellas lately
things have not been going so good with
this custom tactic series maybe you got
bored of it but if you didn't and if you
want to see more episodes like this for
other formations in the game go hit that
like button and let me know you are
still enjoying this series thank you for
watching my name is avi see you later